README.md, before:

My Personal Website
====================

Welcome to the _README.md_ of Junhson Jean-Baptiste's personal website.

This document is mainly for:
- Planning out the site
  + there'll be an outline below for that stuff
- looking pretty, as I am also learning markdown (it's pretty easy!)
  + I like it when things look nice
- yeah that's pretty much it
  + nothing to see here! \**laughs nervously then walks away*


Outline
---

What am I building this site for?
1. To get my name out there.
  - I love software, this is just a small way for me to show and express that.
2. To show my audience what I'm all about.
  - I want this site to be about me (I'm not trying to be narcissistic, I promise!). I hope to put in a blog section in addition to common information and contact details. I also hope to develop every resource that this site uses, for the sake of learning. If I use a twitter widget, I'll make it myself instead of linking into one. This way I can always grow as a developer and have a constantly growing project in addition to my others.
  - TLDR - just a site about lil old me, I'll also use it as a learning experience
3. For fun.
  - I like building things, especially on computers. And having a website is a great topic of conversation!

  Who are my audience?
  1. Really *awesome* people
  2. Potential employers
  3. Everyone that my mom shows this website off to (I hope lol!)

  Running log
  -----
  First Draft
  - I have to start somewhere, so instead of talking about it, I'm gonna be about it. The first order of business is exactly what I'm doing now — starting with my outline. I saw a guy on YouTube start a personal site with document like this and I figured I should do the same (it was DevTips).
  - I've also looked at quite a few personal websites, either for inspiration or just because (which is usually for inspiration as well), so I'll probably make the design with some of that stuff in mind
  - To start, I just want this to be a simple website that looks beautiful (but not too crazy yet), that links to my resume (.pdf and online options), Linkedin, Social media, and the like.
  - I'll make it more beautiful later
  - Now, I have to actually start coding it

  Let's get it going!! 🔥🔥🔥
  ========
  _(I'll use this is until I come up with a better catch phrase, smh)_

Commit message:

fixed broken links, highlight color, better text

README.md, after:

My Personal Website
====================

Welcome to the _README.md_ of Junhson Jean-Baptiste's personal website.

This document is mainly for:
- Planning out the site
  + there'll be an outline below for that stuff
- looking pretty, as I am also learning markdown (it's pretty easy!)
  + I like it when things look nice
- yeah that's pretty much it
  + nothing to see here! \**laughs nervously then walks away*


Outline
---

What am I building this site for?
1. To get my name out there.
  - I love software, this is just a small way for me to show and express that.
2. To show my audience what I'm all about.
  - I want this site to be about me (I'm not trying to be narcissistic, I promise!). I hope to put in a blog section in addition to common information and contact details. I also hope to develop every resource that this site uses, for the sake of learning. If I use a twitter widget, I'll make it myself instead of linking into one. This way I can always grow as a developer and have a constantly growing project in addition to my others.
  - TLDR - just a site about lil old me, I'll also use it as a learning experience
3. For fun.
  - I like building things, especially on computers. And having a website is a great topic of conversation!

  Who are my audience?
  1. Really *awesome* people
  2. Potential employers
  3. Everyone that my mom shows this website off to (I hope lol!)

  Running log
  -----
  First Draft
  - I have to start somewhere, so instead of talking about it, I'm gonna be about it. The first order of business is exactly what I'm doing now — starting with my outline. I saw a guy on YouTube start a personal site with document like this and I figured I should do the same (it was DevTips).
  - I've also looked at quite a few personal websites, either for inspiration or just because (which is usually for inspiration as well), so I'll probably make the design with some of that stuff in mind
  - To start, I just want this to be a simple website that looks beautiful (but not too crazy yet), that links to my resume (.pdf and online options), Linkedin, Social media, and the like.
  - I'll make it more beautiful later
  - Now, I have to actually start coding it

  What's Next?
  ------
  This is where I'll put the to-do list for the next commit. This is where I'll put the stuff I need to do next
  - Highlight important words about yourself
  - fix the middle-position error. Right now, you're using percentages in CSS to get the text where you want it, but you're gonna have to find out how to use bootstrap to do that to make it look nice on phones and smaller screens/devices

  Let's get it going!! 🔥🔥🔥
  ========
  _(I'll use this is until I come up with a better catch phrase, smh)_
